{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNSText-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;\red10\green77\blue204;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red218\green221\blue226;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c1176\c40000\c83922;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c88235\c89412\c90980;\csgray\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21200\viewh14440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Homework 10
\fs36 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 RGBIF Species Location Comparison Project (6/6/19)
\fs30 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 The Readme
\fs32 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 1. Is the Readme file the first document displayed upon lading the Github? Does this Readme page include a title, and the name and contact information for all project members?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf5 \cb1 Yes, the Readme is the first document displayed and contains a title, author names, and author emails. 
\f0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 2. Is the purpose of this program clear from the Introduction? What -in your own words- is the motivation behind the program.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 Yes, the purpose is clear. To me, the purpose of the program is to determine if your species location data is correct based on the known distributions in the GBIF database. I think the Purpose and General Idea sections could be grouped into one section.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 3. Is there a program workflow and is it easy to understand? What -in your own words- is the program workflow?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb1 I like the diagram! Maybe a sentence on the overview of the workflow would be helpful. The program workflow looks like the program takes a species list, finds its latitudinal and longitudinal distributions, and creates plots from those distributions. I can\'92t tell, at this point, why the user needs to specify the latitude and longitude? It looks like the program does this for you? \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 4. Are the dependencies indicated in the workflow? If there are Hoffman2 specific requirements are they indicated?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb1 Yes, R is a dependency. They do mention that the program can be run on Hoffman2 but do not specify the code needed to  load R into Hoffman2 (ie. load module R).\
\
Okay, I see now they explain how to load R in the Instructions section. I would maybe put those commands in the Dependencies section so the user understands how to load R before moving onto the instructions. This is definitely personal preference, though, and isn\'92t totally necessary to understand how to use the program.\
\
Other than that, I really like the \'93Getting familiar\'94 section! \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 5. Are there instructions for running the program? Do the instructions make sense? What would you do to improve the instructions?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb1 Yes, there are instructions. I like how they explain how to run R in Hoffman. The instructions make sense, but I can\'92t tell where the user inputs their data. Where in the program is the data file inputted in the program? I can tell from the script that its a bash argument (ie sh BashScript.sh $1), but I would make that clearer in the instructions. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 6. Is there a section that indicates the files and directories produced by the program?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb1 Yes, there is! \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 7. Are the research programs / motivations for the program cited? Are the dependencies cited?\
The RGBIF package is cited. However, R is not cited and neither are the motivations. I don\'92t know if there were any motivations to cite, so maybe including more on the motivations for creating the program would be nice (ie why knowledge of species distributions is important, benefits of the RGBIF database, etc.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf5 \cb7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf5 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 The Scripts\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 8. Is there a directory that contains all of the program scripts?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb1 The main directory has the program scripts.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 9. Do these programs generate a run log?\
No! But I think this part was removed from the rubric.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf5 \cb7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf5 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 The Vignette
\fs32 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 10. Is there a directory called Vignette and does it include a test set, the commands used to run the program and the expected output databases?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb1 Yes, all those are included in the vignette folder! \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 11. Where you able to run the Vignette using the small test dataset? If not what errors did you get? If so was it easy to run the dataset? Where the instructions clear.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb1 In the instructions, I would specify which packages to specifically download instead of using \'91nameofpackage\'92 as a placeholder. I think I was confused about the \'93getting familiar\'94 section. I thought that section was a place to play around with some commands and didn\'92t realize I needed to install the specific packages openssl, rages, rbgif, and raster. I would suggest making that clearer! \
\
I got stuck here: \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs22 \cf8 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 [1] "Oplegnathus woodwardi"\
\cf8 Error: Please install png\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
Execution halted\
mkdir: cannot create directory `Images': File exists\
mv: cannot stat `*.jpg': No such file or directory\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 12. Where you able to reproduce the expected output? If not what was different.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb1 I did not get the expected output. It created the list of species but maybe not all the rplots? Am I missing another package?\cf5 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf5 \cb7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf5 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 General\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 13. Give\'a0at least two\'a0suggestions for ways to improve the GitHub page or the operation of the program.\
\
1. Clarify why we need to input longitudinal and latitudinal data. The example data file does not have any distribution data and I am still unsure where this data is inputted. \
\
2.  Include more of the motivation in creating this program. Why is this program useful and what problems does it help solve?\
}